fix(docs,i18n): update FAQ for translations, add intros (#41054)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/FAQ.md

### Can I translate freeCodeCamp's curriculum?

Yes - Read [this guide](/how-to-translate-files) if you are interested in contributing to translation.

> Currently we have the user contributed translations being done in Chinese and Espanol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently we have the user contributed translations being done in Chinese and Español.
```

> At the minute we are building our experience hosting the curriculum in the aforementioned languages. Eventually, we intend to localize freeCodeCamp into several major world languages, like: Arabic, Hindi, Portuguese, Russian and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time we are building our experience hosting the curriculum in the aforementioned languages. Eventually, we intend to localize freeCodeCamp into several major world languages, like: Arabic, Hindi, Portuguese, Russian and more.
```
